Updated the introductory material to use POI-CM or (#79)
opengeospatial/poi: 22-053/sections/01-introduction.adoc

[[ug_introduction_section]]
== Introduction

> There are many systems and applications that need to have information about locations in the world. For example, such "point of interest" (POI) data is needed in navigation systems, mapping, geocaching, location-based social networking games, and augmented reality browsers, among many others.

Reviewer: Should there be a pointer to use cases we have examined?

Author: Yes, this section needs more work and mentioning some of the use cases we've examined would be good. Not changing this right now, however.

POI-CM is a common semantic information model for the representation of POI objects that can be shared over different applications. The latter capability is especially important with respect to the cost-effective sustainable maintenance of POI set models, allowing the possibility of selling the same data to customers from different application fields.

POI-CM is an open conceptual data model for the storage and exchange of POI models. It is defined through a Unified Modeling Language (UML) object model. This UML model extends the ISO Technical Committee 211 (TC211) conceptual model standards for spatial and temporal data. Building on the ISO fundation assures that the features described in the POI Models share the same spatial-temporal universe as features described by related standards (e.g., CityGML).

A POI is not a dataset. Rather, it is a feature type that enhances an existing dataset of features. POI-CM builds on the ISO General Feature Model (ISO 10109) and the ISO Geometry Model (ISO 19107). To avoid reinventing things, POI-CM also borrows some classes from ISO Common Data Types (ISO 19103) and OGC CityGML 3.0.

> The POI-CM standard consists of several parts: 1) The POI Conceptual Model standard that defines the conceptual model in UML and that is described in more detail within this Users Guide. 2) A separate Encoding standard for each Encoding to be defined. This will be the JSON Encoding in the beginning, further encoding specifications (e.g. relational database schema) will follow in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The POI Conceptual Model standard defines the conceptual model in UML and is the focus of this Users Guide. The the future, separate implementation standards can be published for each encoding to be defined. This separation permits generality as well as specificity. The first POI implementation standard will describe the JSON encoding. Other implementation standards (e.g. for elational database schema) are expected to follow.
```
